here it is Tuesday August temp and today
is in fact the first practice for this
year's Shaw bears football team they're
out on the field early trying to beat a
little of today's predicted 100 degree
heat but just in shorts shirts and
helmets nope as yet
ah Robbie pick stretching is part of the
pre-season routine as it is for every
practice in every game here the Bears
start warming up leading the exercises
hi Fred Sparkman cause it to me and
Michael hell shaking them through their
paces part of first practice is also
some media coming out to cover this is
ryan welch from news channel 14 he's
interviewing coach asked them for their
sports show tonight getting everything
set up so make sure you watch news
channel 14 or check out their website to
see the full interview
the coach isn't the only one of the
press wants to talk to here we have
preseason all see I double a selection
Fred Sparkman being interviewed by
looking over all practice